.TH auroc 1 "June 20, 2011" "version 1.0" "LPmade User Commands"
.SH NAME
auroc \- compute area under the ROC curve for a sorted list of score-label pairs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B auroc
[OPTIONS] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A highly optimized calculator for area under the ROC curve. This program assumes that its input will come in terms of space-separated score-label pairs sorted so that the highest scores are at the top. It will properly handle all C-style double-precision input.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on successful execution (not necessarily successful completion) or 1 if argument specification is incorrect or the requested predictor is not included in predict.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
< mynet.sprob auroc
.PP
< mynet.sprob.gz gunzip | auroc
.PP
Input:
.RS
0.9 1
0.8 0
0.7 1
0.6 1
0.5 0
0.4 0
.RE
.PP
Output:
.RS
0.777777778
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2011 Ryan N. Lichtenwalter
.PP
LPmade is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. LPmade is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with LPmade. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

