.TH pagerank 1 "June 20, 2011" "version 1.0" "LPmade User Commands"
.SH NAME
pagerank \- the PageRank scores of vertices in the network
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pagerank
[OPTIONS] ...
d ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Computes PageRank scores for every vertex in the network with the PageRank random walk restart parameter d. Scores are output after a convergence of 0.999 across iterations. The implementation is based on the description in the original paper 'The Anatomy of a Large-Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine' by Brin and Page and does not include subsequent optimizations in efficiency. Nonetheless, this computes very quickly in practice in networks with millions of nodes.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on successful execution (not necessarily successful completion) or 1 if argument specification is incorrect or the requested predictor is not included in predict.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
< mynet.net pagerank 0.85
.PP
Input:
.RS
*Vertices 4
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 3
*Edges 6
0 1 1
0 2 1
0 3 1
1 2 1
1 3 1
2 1 1
.RE
.PP
Output:
.RS
4.924846e-02
3.809763e-01
2.848876e-01
2.848876e-01
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2011 Ryan N. Lichtenwalter
.PP
LPmade is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. LPmade is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with LPmade. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

