.TH path_pairs 1 "June 20, 2011" "version 1.0" "LPmade User Commands"
.SH NAME
path_pairs \- find all vertex pairs with reachability dictated by a sequence of directional steps
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B path_pairs
[OPTIONS] ...
path_steps ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Accepts as a parameter a sequence of directions defined by the regular expression '(O|I|o|i)+' excluding the quotes. Lowercase 'o' and uppercase 'O' both stand for out-edges and lowercase 'i' and uppercase 'I' both stand for in-edges. Given a network at standard input, the program will produce all the pairs of vertices such that a target vertex is reachable from the source vertex by following the specified sequence of in-edges or out-edges. The sequence should not be specified with spaces, but should instead be specified as a single string argument at the command line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on successful execution (not necessarily successful completion) or 1 if argument specification is incorrect or the requested predictor is not included in predict.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
< mynet.net path_pairs OIO
.PP
Input:
.RS
*Vertices 12
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
7 7
8 8
9 9
10 10
11 11
*Edges 9
0 1 1
1 2 1
2 3 1
4 5 1
6 5 1
6 7 1
9 8 1
10 9 1
10 11 1
.RE
.PP
Output:
.RS
4 7
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2011 Ryan N. Lichtenwalter
.PP
LPmade is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. LPmade is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with LPmade. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

