.TH pseudo_diameter 1 "June 20, 2011" "version 1.0" "LPmade User Commands"
.SH NAME
pseudo_diameter \- a generally accurate approximation of the diameter of the network
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pseudo_diameter
[OPTIONS] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A fast approximation algorithm that executes repeated breadth-first searches from the most distant vertex found in the previous step in an attempt to approximate the diameter of the network. The algorithm terminates when the distance does not increase from one iteration to the next. In rare circumstances, the algorithm may overestimate, but it cannot underestimate. This program will return a result within a matter of seconds on networks of virtually any size so long as the network fits in memory.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on successful execution (not necessarily successful completion) or 1 if argument specification is incorrect or the requested predictor is not included in predict.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
< mynet.net pseudo_diameter
.PP
Input:
.RS
*Vertices 9
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
7 7
8 8
*Edges 18
0 1 1
0 2 1
0 7 1
1 0 1
1 8 1
2 0 1
2 8 1
3 4 1
3 5 1
3 6 1
3 8 1
4 3 1
5 3 1
6 3 1
7 0 1
8 1 1
8 2 1
8 3 1
.RE
.PP
Output:
.RS
5
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2011 Ryan N. Lichtenwalter
.PP
LPmade is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. LPmade is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with LPmade. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

