.TH snowball_sample 1 "June 20, 2011" "version 1.0" "LPmade User Commands"
.SH NAME
snowball_sample \- output the network that results from performing snowball sampling
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snowball_sample
[OPTIONS] ...
source
distance
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates a snowball sample of the network to the given distance from the given vertex using out-edges. Outputs the network that results from the sampling procedure including all vertices reached and any edges that connect two vertices in the sample within the distance limit.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on successful execution (not necessarily successful completion) or 1 if argument specification is incorrect or the requested predictor is not included in predict. See also snowball_sample_in(1), which differs from this program only in its use of in-edges.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
< mynet.net snowball_sample 0 3 > smallnet.net
.PP
Input:
.RS
*Vertices 9
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
7 7
8 8
*Edges 18
0 1 1
0 2 1
1 2 1
1 3 1
1 4 1
2 5 1
3 6 1
4 5 1
5 2 1
6 3 1
6 7 1
7 1 1
8 0 1
8 1 1
8 2 1
8 3 1
8 4 1
8 5 1
8 6 1
8 7 1
.RE
.PP
Output:
.RS
*Vertices 9
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
7 7
8 8
*Edges 9
0 1 1
0 2 1
1 2 1
1 3 1
1 4 1
2 5 1
3 6 1
4 5 1
5 2 1
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2011 Ryan N. Lichtenwalter
.PP
LPmade is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. LPmade is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with LPmade. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

